#summary Know what are the file extensions compatible with SEA3D.

= SEA3D =

== Scene Objects ==

  * *.m3d* = Mesh.
  * *.m2d* = Sprite3D.
  * *.s3d* = Scene3D.
  * *.cam* = Camera3D.
  * *.sp* = SoundPoint3D.
  * *.jnt* = Joint(Bone) Object.
  * *.line* = Line.
  * *.dmy* = Dummy.
  * *.c3d* = Container3D (Group3D).
  * *.plht* = Point light.
  * *.dlht* = Directional light.

== Geometry ==

  * *.geo* = Geometry.

== Animation ==

  * *.anm* = Generic animation, lights, meshes, helpers, textures and others.	
  * *.vtxa* = Vertex animation.
  * *.skla* = Skeleton animation.
  * *.mpha* = Morph animation, animation of the weight.

== Modifiers ==

  * *.skl* = Skeleton.
  * *.vtc* = Vertex color.
  * *.mph* = Geometry morphs.

== Actions ==

  * *.act* = Actions, includes actions such like change environment, play sound, add fog and others.

== Properties ==

  * *.prop* = Object properties (Custom Attributes).

== Material ==

  * *.mat* = Material.

== Textures ==

  * *.tex* = Texture layers.
  * *.cmap* = Cube Mapping. 6 bitmaps with relative extension.
  * *.smap* = Single Cube Mapping. 1 bitmap with relative extension.

== RTT - Render to Texture ==

  * *.rttp* = Planar Render to Texture.
  * *.rttc* = CubeMap Render to Texture.

== Script ==

  * *.lua* = Lua script.

== Global ==

  * *.wdp* = JPEG-XR.
  * *.jpg* = Joint Photographic Experts Group.
  * *.png* = Portable Network Graphics.
  * *.gif* = Graphics Interchange Format.
  * *.mp3* = Moving Picture Experts Group - MPEG-2 Audio Layer III.
  * *.ogg* = Ogg Vorbis.
  * *.data* = Custom binary data.

== Flash Player ==

  * *.atf* = Adobe Texture Format.
  * *.atfc* = Adobe Texture Format (Cube Mapping).

== Console | WebGL ==

  * *.dds* = DirectDraw Surface.
  * *.ddsc* = DirectDraw Surface (Cube Mapping).

== INFO ==

  * *.inf* = File info, name, date, copyright and others.